<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/580479d7357636a9ff000085/train/c target="_blank">Strings: string left strip</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><p>Challenge:Given a writeable target string and a read-only string of characters, remove in-place all leading characters of the string that are present in the string of characters.</p><p>The leading characters make up a prefix of the target string. Such prefix has the length of <i>n</i>, where <i>n</i> is the number of characters from the beginning of the string to the first character in the string that is not contained by the read-only string of characters.</p><p>In case that the read-only string of characters is NULL, remove in-place the leading whitespace in the target string.</p><p>In case that the read-only string of characters is empty, do not remove anything.</p><p>Example:</p><pre><code>char s[] = "!!!!###@hello";const char *chars = "!#@";if (stringLeftStrip(s, chars)) { // returns "hello"  (void)puts(s);}</code></pre><p>Addendum:The target string will always be defined (not NULL). However, it can be empty.</p><p>Make sure you do the removal in-place. There's no requirement for this kata to allocate or de-allocate any memory.</p><p>Please keep in mind that you only have to remove the leading characters, i.e. given <code>const char *chars = " "</code> and <code>char s[] = "Hello, world!"</code>, nothing should be removed and the string <code>s</code> returned intact. This is because the first character to not be contained by the <code>chars</code> happens to be the first character of the target string.</p>