<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/67fb86b6564f0bd70dc615b1/train/python target="_blank">Validate the Euro bill</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><p>  ECB (European Central Bank) needs your help! They have noticed that fake Euro bills have been spreading over because of the rogues.</p><p>  There are some advanced techniques to determine if the bill was hand-made or not. But there is a specific algorithm for Euro bills (though, I can't find any proofs of it but every single Euro bill I have seen, follows this algorithm. For the purpose of this task, we will suppose that this algorithm is totally true). Your task is to validate the Euro bill based on its serial number. Assume that every other detail of the bill is either real or perfectly made by the rogues. </p>  <hr><p>  Here is the algorithm:</p><p>  The serial number of every Euro bill contains 2 uppercase latin letters at the start and the following 10 digits.</p><pre><code>1. Sum every digit in a serial number.2. Get the English Alphabetical position of the two letters. (A - 1, B - 2, C - 3 and etc.).3. Add those numbers to the already existing sum of digits.4. Sum the result's digits up. If the sum is not 1-digit number, keep summing the new number's digits, until the result is 1-digit number.</code></pre><p>  If the eventual result equals 7, you're holding a real Euro bill. Otherwise, the bill is fake. Assume that every input matches the requirements of a serial number (2 uppercase latin letters and 10 digits).</p>  <br><p>  An example of a valid serial number:</p><pre><code>VA0436214792V = 22; A = 122 + 1 + 0 + 4 + 3 + 6 + 2 + 1 + 4 + 7 + 9 + 2 = 61 -&gt; 6 + 1 = 7 -&gt; True</code></pre><p>  And an invalid one:</p><pre><code>WF9804350654W = 23; F = 623 + 6 + 9 + 8 + 0 + 4 + 3 + 5 + 0 + 6 + 5 + 4 = 73 -&gt; 10 -&gt; 1 -&gt; False</code></pre><p>Good luck!</p>