<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/604693a112b42a0016828d03/train/python target="_blank">Impress your friends with Brown's Criterion!</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>Would you believe me if I told you these particular tuples are special?</p><p>(1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15, 17, 19, 21, 23, 25, 27, 29, 31)</p><p>(2, 3, 6, 7, 10, 11, 14, 15, 18, 19, 22, 23, 26, 27, 30, 31)</p><p>(4, 5, 6, 7, 12, 13, 14, 15, 20, 21, 22, 23, 28, 29, 30, 31)</p><p>(8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31)</p><p>(16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31)</p><p>You want to know why? Ok, I'll tell you:</p><p>If you think of a number, between 1 and 31, I can tell what number you are thinking,   just by asking you in which tuple you can find that number. You don't believe me?What if I tell you the trick?</p><p>This is the trick:</p><ul><li>sum all the first elements of the tuples where you can find the number you are thinking of. If you do it correctly you will get your number.</li></ul><p>So for example, let's say I am thinking about the number 5. It can be found in the first and third tuple, which have respectively the numbers 1 and 4 as first element.The sum of 1 and 4 is 5!</p><p>You don't believe me yet? Maybe you think it only works for the number 5. Try it for yourself, so that we can continue our journey. I'll wait.</p><p>........</p><p>Did it work? Of course it did! This is know as "Brown's Criterion". It works for all numbers from 1 to 31.</p><p>Your task is to create two functions:</p><ul><li>The first one is called "guess_number", it gives you a list of answers. These answers can be integers values (1 or 0), and correspond respectively to Yes and No. The sequence values are the answer to "Do you see your number?" for each one of the above tuples. You are given the sequence and must return the number which originated that sequence of answers.</li></ul><h2 id="example-for-the-sequence-1-0-1-0-0-you-must-return-the-number-5">Example: for the sequence [1, 0, 1, 0, 0] you must return the number 5.</h2><ul><li>The second one is called "answers_sequence". It is the exact opposite of the first function. You are given a number and must return the sequence of answers for that number.</li></ul><p>-------------------------------------- Notes ----------------------------------------</p><ul><li>The argument for the function "Guess_Number" will always be a list;</li><li>The argument for the function "Answers_Sequence" will always be a number;</li></ul><p> Good Luck!</p>