<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/59d582eec12fa001b60000d0/train/r target="_blank">Expand a string </a></h2><h3>8 kyu</h3><h2 id="beta-kata">Beta Kata</h2><p>Thank you for trying this beta kata. Once you've completed it, please rate how satisfied you are with this kata and rank it. Katas can only get out of beta if they are rated very satisfied. If you don't give it a very satisfied rating, share your reasons for keeping the kata in beta in a comment as a suggestion or issue. Once the suggestion or issue is resolved, please re-rate as very satisfied. Note that a kata that is <em>too easy</em> or <em>too hard</em> should not be given a lower satisfaction rating, but given a kyu ranking that matches the kata's difficulty. This kata, in particular, is meant to teach some basics about the R language, so please don't downvote because you think it is too easy or a duplicate.</p><h2 id="whats-a-string-in-r">What's a string in R?</h2><p><em>For our purposes, when we say string, we mean an element in a character vector.</em></p><h2 id="why-turn-a-string-into-a-character-vector">Why turn a string into a character vector?</h2><p>In R, the tools for manipulating individual characters in a string, for example, <code>"l"</code> in <code>"hello"</code>, are limited. Usually, you'll want to convert that string to a character vector where each element has only one character, for example, <code>"h" "e" "l" "l" "o"</code></p><h2 id="task">Task</h2><p>Write a function expand() that takes a character vector of length 1 (<em>a single string</em>), and turns it into a character vector of all the characters in that string. If there are no characters in the string (see the second example), return an empty character vector (a character vector of length 0). <strong>Important note: make sure your function returns a character vector, not a list</strong></p><h2 id="examples">Examples</h2><pre><code class="language-r"><span class="cm-variable">expand</span>(<span class="cm-string">"</span><span class="cm-string">hello"</span>)[<span class="cm-number">1</span>] <span class="cm-string">"</span><span class="cm-string">h"</span> <span class="cm-string">"</span><span class="cm-string">e"</span> <span class="cm-string">"</span><span class="cm-string">l"</span> <span class="cm-string">"</span><span class="cm-string">l"</span> <span class="cm-string">"</span><span class="cm-string">o"</span><span class="cm-variable">expand</span>(<span class="cm-string">"</span><span class="cm-string">"</span>)[<span class="cm-number">1</span>] <span class="cm-variable">character</span>(<span class="cm-number">0</span>)</code></pre>