<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/692c80fa12006b05757089dd/train/javascript target="_blank">Racing Grid Validation</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><h2 id="description">Description</h2><p>In a racing series, all drivers start from a <b>perfectly ordered</b> starting grid. After the race, you are given the moves describing how many positions each driver gained or lost relative to their starting position. A positive value means the driver moved forward (gained places), and a negative value means the driver dropped back (lost places). </p><h2 id="task">Task</h2><p>Your task is to determine whether this finishing order is <strong>valid</strong>, assuming that:</p><ul><li>The starting grid is perfectly ordered:<ul><li>No two drivers can start in the same position.</li><li>There are no gaps in positions in the starting grid.</li></ul></li><li>No two drivers can finish in the same position.</li><li>Every driver finishes the race.</li></ul><p>Write a function that:</p><ul><li>Takes an array <code>moves</code> of length <code>n</code>, where <code>moves[i]</code> is the number of positions the driver that <b>finished</b> at position <code>i</code> gained (positive) or lost (negative) compared to their starting position.</li><li>Returns a boolean indicating whether there exists a valid race result consistent with the moves.</li></ul><h3 id="constraints">Constraints</h3><ul><li><code>2 &lt;= n &lt;= 100</code>.</li></ul><h2 id="examples">Examples</h2><table><thead><tr><th>moves</th><th>Result</th><th>Explanation</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>[2, -1, -1]</code></td><td>True</td><td>The driver that started in last position overtook both drivers before him</td></tr><tr><td><code>[0, 0, 0, 0, 0]</code></td><td>True</td><td>The race finished in the same order as the starting grid</td></tr><tr><td><code>[-1, 1, -1]</code></td><td>False</td><td>The winner lost a position, which is invalid</td></tr><tr><td><code>[0, 1, 0]</code></td><td>False</td><td>The drivers that ended in second and third position both started last, which is invalid</td></tr></tbody></table><p>Good luck, have fun!</p>