<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/553d83abe29b91be2f00006c/train/javascript target="_blank">Super Smaaassh Brotheerrrs!</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><h3 id="description">Description</h3><p>This Kata is based off the original Super Smash Brothers for Nintendo 64. If you haven't played this game, go find yourself a copy right now! =)</p><p>The rules of the game are pretty simple. There are between 2-4 players in every round. The goal of each round is to damage the other players until they are weak enough where you can knock them off the stage, resulting in a KO! </p><h3 id="scoring">Scoring</h3><p>Anytime a player dies, they lose a point for the death (-1). If you knock-off an opposing player, you will be awarded a point for the KO (+1). However, if a player lands on the stage, their death will no longer be attributed to the player who hit them last. A death not subsequently resulting after a knock-off is considered a self-destruct and will only subtract a point from the dying player, but will not result in an additional point for anyone.</p><h3 id="kata">Kata</h3><p>For this Kata you will need to extend a constructor called <code>scoreHandler</code> that will create an object with three methods <code>startRound</code>, <code>endRound</code>, and <code>handleEvent</code>. </p><p><code>startRound</code> is a method that expects an array of <code>players</code>. Each player is a string containing the name of the players that will be contending on the round. This method should be responsible for initializing each of the players' scores to zero. </p><p><code>endRound</code> is a method that will return an object containing the score for each player. The object should look something like this at the end of each round:</p><pre><code>{   yoshi: 1,  mario: -1,  luigi: 2}</code></pre><p><code>handleEvent</code> is a method that will be passed an array containing two elements anytime an event occurs in the game. There 4 different kinds of events that will be passed to this method:</p><ul><li>When a player spawns (occurs after a player dies) and will look like this: <code>['yoshi', 'spawns']</code></li><li>When a player dies, which will look like this: <code>['mario', 'dies']</code></li><li>When a player lands on the stage (cancelling any KO bonus): <code>['luigi', 'lands']</code></li><li>When a player hits another player, giving them the opporunity for a KO bonus. It will look like this: <code>['yoshi', 'mario']</code> and will translate to Yoshi hitting Mario</li></ul><p>  The first test case has been filled out for you. Good luck!</p>