<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/55edf7644b1368e39400000b/train/javascript target="_blank">Throw from list - Error Handling #3</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><h1>Throw from list - Error Handling #3</h1><p>Throwing errors from a pre defined list can make error handling easy! You can group all errors that can occur in one spot and use them throughout your code.</p><h2>Task</h2><p>Your task is to throw errors from the preloaded list of errors. All your solution should do is to throw errors if the given input is invalid. The function you have to write is for username and password validation which must adhere to certain requirements and throw relevant errors when necessary. The order of validation must follow the order of errors in the ```Errors To Throw``` section.</p><h2>Criteria</h2><p></p><p>The ```username``` must follow these rules:</p>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Maxiumum 12 characters long</ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> No special characters like <p>```(){}[]|;:'"/?.,&lt;&gt;~-=+*&amp;^%$@!```</p></ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Spaces at the start and end of names must be trimmed</ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Must be at least 1 character long</ol><br><p>The ```password``` must follow these rules:</p>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Maxiumum 24 characters long</ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> These special characters are allowed like <p>```;:?.,&lt;&gt;~*^%$ @!_```</p> anything other than that must fail the tests</ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Spaces at the start and end of passwords must be trimmed</ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Must be at least 8 character long</ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Must contain at least 1 capital letter and 1 numeric number</ol>  <ol><strong>-</strong> Password must not contain the username but only if case matches</ol><p></p><h2>Errors to throw</h2><p>There is a ```const``` that is preloaded into the solution called ```ERRORS``` this is an object that contain error properties and proper error logs which tell us what exactly went wrong you must implement this in your solution throwing these errors only:  </p><ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```usernameTooLong``` This should get thrown when the username is over 12 characters long</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```usernameTooShort``` This should get thrown when the username is less than 1 character long</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```usernameInvalidCharacters``` This should get thrown when the username contains illegal characters</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```passwordTooLong``` This should get thrown when the password is over 24 characters long</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```passwordTooShort``` This should get thrown when the password is less than 8 characters</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```passwordInvalidCharacters``` This should get thrown whent he password contains any illegal characters</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```passwordNoCapital``` This should get thrown when the password contains no Capital letters</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```passwordNoNumber``` This should get thrown when the password does not contain any numeric values</p></ol>  <ol><p><strong>-</strong> ```passwordContainsUsername``` This should get thrown when the username is present in the password but only if case matches</p></ol><br>Usage: <br>```ERRORS.usernameTooLong(username);ERRORS.passwordTooLong(password);```<p></p><p>Note that a `username` or `password` that has leading or trailing spaces should not throw an error. Rather, you will need to treat them as if they were trimmed.</p>