<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/67a157b29349701871df4cf7/train/typescript target="_blank">Remove outliers</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>You are given an array of numbers, some of which are outliers. Your goal is to remove all outliers and return the result.</p><hr><h2 id="detecting-outliers">Detecting outliers</h2><p>An <em>outlier</em> is defined here as a number that is:</p><ul><li>Greater than the calculated upper limit <code>UQ + 1.5(UQ - LQ)</code></li><li>Less than the calculated lower limit <code>LQ - 1.5(UQ - LQ)</code></li></ul><p>Where <code>LQ</code> is the <em>lower quartile</em> and <code>UQ</code> is the <em>upper quartile</em>.</p><p><em>Note: If an element is <strong>equal</strong> to the upper or lower limit, it is not an outlier!</em></p><h3 id="more-about-quartiles">More about Quartiles</h3><p>Quartiles separate the data set into four equally-sized quarters. It is an extension of the concept of the median, which splits the data into two equally-sized halves. When each half of the data is split in half again, you end up with four quartiles.</p><p>For example, consider the data set:</p><pre><code>[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11] // length = 11</code></pre><p>The <em>median</em> of the entire data set is the "middle" value of the <em>sorted</em> array. Splitting the data in half yields the following:</p><pre><code>[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]                ^ Median = 6                [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]   [7, 8, 9, 10, 11]</code></pre><p>Each of these halves have their own "median", which are the upper and lower quartiles.</p><pre><code>[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]                ^ Median = 6                [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]   [7, 8, 9, 10, 11]       ^ LQ = 3          ^ UQ = 9</code></pre><p>More rules for calculating median and quartiles:</p><ul><li>If the number of elements in the array is <em>even</em>, the median is the average of the two center elements.</li><li>If the number of elements in the array is <em>odd</em>, the median is the single center element.</li><li>If the median is a single element, do not include it in either half when calculating a quartile.</li><li>If the median is an average of two elements, the two elements which make up the median <em>are</em> included when calculating a quartile.</li></ul><p>Here are some further examples you can use for your own tests:</p><pre><code>  [1, 2]                    =&gt; Median 1.5   LQ 1    UQ 2  [1, 2, 3]                 =&gt; Median 2     LQ 1    UQ 3  [1, 2, 3, 4]              =&gt; Median 2.5   LQ 1.5  UQ 3.5  [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]           =&gt; Median 3     LQ 1.5  UQ 4.5  [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]        =&gt; Median 3.5   LQ 2    UQ 5  [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7]     =&gt; Median 4     LQ 2    UQ 6  [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]  =&gt; Median 4.5   LQ 2.5  UQ 6.5</code></pre><p>Futher reading on <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quartile" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">Wikipedia</a>.</p><hr><h2 id="the-input">The input</h2><p>You will be given an array of floating-point numbers. As an example:</p><pre><code>[1, 4, 2, 5, 1000000, 3, 9]</code></pre><p><em>Note: The median of this data is <code>4</code>, the lower quartile is <code>2</code>, and the upper quartile is <code>9</code>.</em></p><h2 id="the-output">The output</h2><p>You will return an array of floating-point numbers that equals the original array, removing <em>all</em> outliers.</p><p><em>Note: since outlier detection relies on the interquartile range, which will change when elements are removed, you may need to repeat the process more than once to remove <em>all</em> outliers.</em></p><p>You may return the remaining elements in any order.</p>