<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5ea39ab1d8425e0029fcd035/train/python target="_blank">Ping Pong</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><h1 id="the-folly-of-mr-pong">The folly of Mr Pong</h1><p>While Mrs Pong is away visiting her sister, <strong>Mr Pong</strong> has foolishly set up a ping pong table in his lounge room, and invites his neighbour <strong>Mr Ping</strong> over for a friendly ping pong session.</p><p>When Mr Ping hits the ping pong ball, the ping pong ball goes <code>ping</code>.</p><p>When Mr Pong hits the ping pong ball, the ping pong ball goes <code>pong</code>.</p><p>Unfortunately, not every hit goes where it was meant to...</p><p>Sometimes the ping pong ball hits the net, or bounces off a wall, or it ricochets off Mrs Pong's rather expensive porcelain collection, a light fitting, or various pieces of lounge furniture, before finally coming to rest on the floor. When that happens there are all kinds of bad noises.</p><h2 id="example">Example</h2><p>A typical rally may sound like this:</p><p><code>ping</code>-<code>pong</code>-<code>ping</code>-<code>pong</code>-<code>ping</code>-<code>pong</code>-<code>ping</code>-<code>pong</code>-<code>dong</code>-<code>tang</code>-<code>bing</code>-<code>tink</code>-<code>donk</code>-<code>donk</code>-<code>donk</code></p><ul><li>Mr Ping served</li><li>There were several good returns</li><li>Mr Pong hits a bad shot which broke the handle off his wife's 2nd favourite teacup. Oops.</li></ul><h1 id="kata-task">Kata Task</h1><p>Who scored the most points?</p><h2 id="input">Input</h2><p>The sounds of one or more rallies.</p><h2 id="output">Output</h2><p>The name of the winning player: <code>ping</code> or <code>pong</code></p><h1 id="notes">Notes</h1><ul><li>To score a point the same player must both serve and win the rally.</li><li>Whoever picks the ball off the floor will serve next. It's random.</li><li>A bad noise is anything other than <code>ping</code> or <code>pong</code>.</li><li>A bad noise means whoever hit the ball last hit a bad shot.</li><li>For some unknown reason all noises are 4 lowercase characters, and delimited by <code>-</code></li><li>If scores are even, then the winner is the player who did NOT hit the final bad shot.</li><li>There are no double hits.</li><li>The final rally always ends with the ball on the floor.</li><li>All input is valid.</li></ul>