<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/575135cabdd337cff50009cc/train/javascript target="_blank">T.T.T.#3: Three lifts</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><h2 id="task">Task</h2><p>There are three lifts in a building: A, B and C. Lift A only stays on the odd floor; Lift B only stays on the even floor(floor1 is an exception); Lift C stays on each floor. When someone presses the lift button, the nearest lift will move to the person's floor.</p><p>Now, someone pressed the lift button, please judge which lift will move?</p><p>You will coding in function <code>switchLift</code>. parameter 1: object <code>status</code>, contains three number values, it means the current floor of the three lifts; parameter 2: number <code>n</code>, it means lift button has been pressed at floor n. The return value should be a string, such as <code>"A","B","C"</code>.</p><p>The following examples will help you to understand how to solve this kata.</p><h2 id="examples">Examples</h2><pre><code>switchLift({A:1,B:1,C:10},3) should return "A"</code></pre><p>Because lift A needs move up 2 floor; lift B never stay on floor 3;lift C needs move down 7 floor. So the lift A is the best choice.</p><pre><code>switchLift({A:1,B:1,C:10},4) should return "B"switchLift({A:1,B:1,C:10},5) should return "A"switchLift({A:1,B:1,C:10},6) should return "C"switchLift({A:1,B:1,C:9},5) should return "AC"</code></pre><p>Because lift A and lift C both need move 4 floor. So lift A and lift C  will move at the same time.</p><pre><code>switchLift({A:1,B:2,C:10},6) should return "BC"switchLift({A:1,B:1,C:9},1) should return ""</code></pre><p>Because there are two lifts have been parked there, so any lift does not need to move.</p><pre><code>switchLift({A:5,B:4,C:6},1) should return "B"</code></pre><p>When n=1, because the three lifts are able to reach the floor 1, so should return the nearest of three lifts.</p>