<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5fc907f91853c00018787c73/train/csharp target="_blank">Shopping Calculation</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>This kata is about shopping calculation. There are products, product's prices, customers and customer's total money.</p><p>This kata takes an input as List of string, and this list contains statements which give information about product name, product price, customer name and customer budget.</p><pre><code>These statements can have 3 basic form like; (is, has, buys)  "Apple is $5."  "Alice has $26."  "Alice buys 2 apples."</code></pre><p>Your task is to write a function that calculates the result which is [(string,string,string)]  and holds [(Customer Name, Customer Total Money, Bought Products)]</p><pre><code>"is" statement gives info about product name and its price."has" statement gives info about customer name and his/her money."buys" statement gives info about customer name, bought product name and bought product count.</code></pre><p>You need to split bought products by comma and space(", ") like "2 apples, 5 oranges, 1 grape"</p><pre><code>For Example:  input =&gt; [ "Apple is $5.",             "Banana is $7.",             "Orange is $2.",             "Alice has $26.",             "John has $41.",             "Alice buys 2 apples.",             "John buys 1 banana.",             "Alice buys 5 oranges." ]</code></pre><p>  Alice has $26 and buys 2 apples, 5 oranges for $20 (2 * 5 + 5 * 2), she keeps $6.</p><p>  John has $41 and buys 1 banana for $7 (1 * 7), he keeps $34.</p><pre><code>So output =&gt; [ ("Alice", "$6", "2 apples, 5 oranges"),               ("John", "$34", "1 banana") ]</code></pre><p>  The order of statements is not guaranteed. As an example: you could receive a buy statement before knowing the cost of the product.</p><pre><code>For Example:  input =&gt; [ "John has $41.",             "Apple is $5.",             "Alice buys 2 apples.",             "Alice has $26.",             "John buys 1 banana.",             "Alice buys 5 oranges.",             "Banana is $7.",             "Orange is $2." ]</code></pre><p>Notes:</p><ul><li>Currency is always preceded by the $ symbol.</li><li>Output must be ordered by the placement of customers in the input list.</li><li>Products must be ordered by the order in which they were bought by that customer.</li><li>All input statements will be valid. No need to check for invalid statements.</li><li>Customers will always have enough money for their purchases. No need to validate for negative balances.</li><li>Inputs guarantee that the same customer will not perform multiple purchases for the same product. </li><li>Just use <code>-s</code> as plural suffix.</li></ul>