<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/69aaedd9d5944360bfcb9fed/train/javascript target="_blank">Point belongs to arc</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><p>Given coordinates of three points on a circle outline A, B and C, determine if point C belongs to the arc from A to B.</p><p>Consider following context:</p><ul><li><em>Coordinates</em> are measured in degrees counterclockwise from the rightmost point (negative for clockwise direction). Multiple coordinate values may correspond to a same point.</li><li><em>Arc</em> is shortest <strong>counterclockwise</strong> path along the circle from one point (arc start) to another (arc end).</li><li>Both ends of an arc are considered its parts.</li></ul><p>Conditions:</p><ul><li>all coordinates are integer</li><li>coordinates are NOT limited to 0..360 and may be negative</li></ul><p>Examples:</p><ol><li>Let A = 0 (right), B = 180 (left), C = 90 (top). Counterclockwise path from right to left goes through top, so correct answer is <code>true</code>.</li><li>Let A = 90 (top), B = -45 (bottom-right), C = 45 (top-right). Since arc is defined as counterclockwise (not always just shortest) path, C from lesser part of the circle is actually outside the arc and correct answer is <code>false</code>.</li><li>Let A = -135 (bottom-left), B = 405 (top-right), C = 45 (top-right). Points B and C have same position on the circle despite having different coordinates. Since end of an arc is considered its part, the correct answer is <code>true</code>.</li><li>Let A = 90 (top), B = 450 (top), C = 0 (right). Arc start and end are actually the same point, so the arc consists of a single point and any other point on the circle doesn't belong to it. The correct answer is <code>false</code>.</li></ol>