<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/690743bd39f83ecf66068522/train/python target="_blank">Hilbert's Hotel</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><h1 id="welcome-to-hilberts-hotel">Welcome to Hilbert's Hotel.</h1><hr><blockquote><p>There's new hotel opened some time ago, which claims it can provide a room for <strong>an infinite</strong> amount of people. Haha, what an absurd claim. Even if they succeeded of doing so, and accomodated an infinite amount of people in it, what are they going to do if another person comes? They won't be able to give him a room, right?.. Right?..</p></blockquote><p>You and your buddies live in Hilbert's Hotel. They have an infinite amount of rooms, each can be given to 1 person only and they are all full. Say, 10 people are coming to the hotel, looking for a place to stay but all rooms are full. A normal manager would say "We do not have any rooms left" but the manager at Hilbert's Hotel knows how to deal with infinities.</p><h2 id="task">Task</h2><p>Implement a function <code>hilberts_hotel(rooms, people, buses)</code>. </p><h2 id="input">Input</h2><ul><li><code>rooms</code> - the rooms you and your buddies are currently in. (always will be given in <code>range(a, b)</code> form in Python and <code>int[]</code> form in Java)</li><li><code>people</code> - how many people are in each bus. </li><li><code>buses</code> - the amount of buses.</li></ul><h2 id="output">Output</h2><p>An integer list, indicating which rooms do you have to move, so that each new guest gets a new room.</p><h2 id="the-managers-instructions">The manager's instructions</h2><p>To make the instructions clearer, I will explain each of the cases and how to deal with them with one example. But for that, I'll have to use this notation:</p><pre><code>R - RoomG - Guest (already living in the hotel)B - BusS - SeatRNGN - means Guest N lives in Room N.When multiple buses show up, you will mark people like this:B1S1 - the person, who sat at Seat 1 in Bus 1.B4S9 - the person, who sat at Seat 9 in Bus 4</code></pre><p>We will cover all 4 possible cases:</p><ul><li><p><strong>1st case (finite amount of people and finite amount of buses):</strong></p><ul><li>Finite amount of people in a finite amount of buses show up and want a room. However every room is already occupied. Any other manager would turn them around but your manager knows how to deal with infinites. The manager says through the speaker "Please, all of the current guests, move down <code>number</code> rooms". This <code>number</code> is determined by how many people showed up in total. Example:</li></ul></li></ul><pre><code>R1 R2 R3 R4 R5 R6 R7 R8 ...G1 G2 G3 G4 G5 G6 G7 G8 ...2 buses with 2 people show up, we have B1S1, B1S2, B2S1, B2S2. 4 people, so each person has to move 4 rooms down and thereyou have 4 available rooms for the new guests:R1   R2   R3   R4   R5 R6 R7 R8 ...B1S1 B1S2 B2S1 B2S2 G1 G2 G3 G4 ...</code></pre><ul><li><strong>2nd case (infinite amount of people and finite amount of buses):</strong><ul><li>Now infinite amount of people show up. So, what does manager do? She can't say "Move down an infinite amount of rooms" to the current guests. What she does is, look at the number of buses, and say through the speaker "Please, all of the current guests, move to the room number, which is your current room number multipled by <code>the number of buses + 1</code>". Example:</li></ul></li></ul><pre><code>R1 R2 R3 R4 R5 R6 R7 R8 ...G1 G2 G3 G4 G5 G6 G7 G8 ...1 bus with infinite people show up, we have B1S1, B1S2, B1S3, B1S4, ... infinite people, so each person has to move doubletheir current room number and there you have infinite amount of rooms for the new guests:R1   R2 R3   R4 R5   R6 R7   R8 ...B1S1 G1 B1S2 G2 B1S3 G3 B1S4 G4 ...</code></pre><ul><li><strong>3rd case (finite amount of people and infinite amount of buses)</strong><ul><li>Actually, this is practically the same case as the previous one. Have a look:</li></ul></li></ul><pre><code>R1 R2 R3 R4 R5 R6 R7 R8 ...G1 G2 G3 G4 G5 G6 G7 G8 ...Infinite buses with 1 person show up, we have B1S1, B2S1, B3S1, B4S1, ... infinite people, so each person has to move doubletheir current room number and there you have infinite amount of rooms for the new guests:R1   R2 R3   R4 R5   R6 R7   R8 ...B1S1 G1 B2S1 G2 B3S1 G3 B4S1 G4 ...</code></pre><ul><li><strong>4th case (infinite amount of people and infinite amount of buses)</strong><ul><li>Now this is the trickiest part. Is it even possible to assign each guest a unique room? Well, it is. We're going to use Cantor's diagonal pairing approach:</li></ul></li></ul><pre><code>We have G1, G2, G3, G4, G5 ...Now we have B1S1, B1S2, ..., B2S1, B2S2, ..., B3S1, B3S2, ...The manager creates an infinite grid:G1   G2   G3   G4   G5   G6   ...B1S1 B1S2 B1S3 B1S4 B1S5 B1S6 ...B2S1 B2S2 B2S3 B2S4 B2S5 B2S6 ...B3S1 B3S2 B3S3 B3S4 B3S5 B3S6 ...B4S1 B4S2 B4S3 B4S4 B4S5 B4S6 ...B5S1 B5S2 B5S3 B5S4 B5S5 B5S6 ...B6S1 B6S2 B6S3 B6S4 B6S5 B6S6 ......And she identifies a unique room number by following the diagonal patternDiagonal 1: G1Diagonal 2: B1S1, G2Diagonal 3: B2S1, B1S2, G3Diagonal 4: B3S1, B2S2, B1S3, G4Diagonal 5: B4S1, B3S2, B2S3, B1S4, G5...Now we have a room, for each person:R1 R2   R3 R4   R5   R6 R7   R8   R9   R10 ...G1 B1S1 G2 B2S1 B1S2 G3 B3S1 B2S2 B1S3 G4  ...</code></pre><h2 id="notes">Notes</h2><ul><li>No room should be left empty after every person is accomodated.</li><li>There actually is a way to run out of rooms but for the purpose of this task, we will ditch such cases.</li></ul><hr><p>Good luck!</p>