<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/62bf6fa7eccf8e000f9cae60/train/javascript target="_blank">Express: Echo Server</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><h1 id="express-echo-server">Express: Echo Server</h1><p>In this <a href="http://expressjs.com/" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">Express</a> exercise, your task is to create an app that responds to GET and POST requests on the <code>/</code> route. The responses will echo a message string from the request.</p><h3 id="get-">GET <code>/</code></h3><p>This route will read the <code>message</code> parameter and send a JSON response containing the echoed message value. The response should have a 200 status.</p><p>An example query string is <code>?message=hello</code> which would be echoed as <code>{"message": "hello"}</code>. An empty string, <code>?message=</code>, is valid and should be echoed normally.</p><p>Respond with a <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web/http/status/422" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">422 status</a> and the JSON <code>{"error": "'message' was not provided"}</code> when no query parameter <code>message</code> exists.</p><p>Respond with a 422 status and the JSON <code>{"error": "'message' was not a string"}</code> when the <code>message</code> was provided, but of a type other than a string.</p><h3 id="post-">POST <code>/</code></h3><p>This route will parse the request body as JSON and echo a response containing the value from the <code>"message"</code> key of the request. The JSON response is in the same format as the GET above: <code>{"message": "some message"}</code>. Set a 200 status on the response to indicate that the request was OK. An empty string (<code>"message": ""</code>) is valid and should be echoed.</p><p>Respond with a 422 status when no <code>"message"</code> key exists, or if the <code>message</code> type is other than a string. The JSON errors for these cases are identical to those used in GET.</p><p>For either method, a request is still valid if additional parameters or keys are present in the query or JSON body. You can ignore them and echo <code>message</code> as normal.</p><h3 id="notes">Notes</h3><p>Please use the variable name <code>app</code> to implement your server. Don't use <code>app.listen()</code> to start the Express server; the test suite will invoke the route handlers directly on the <code>app</code> object.</p><p>Your solution file is automatically included with the test suite, so no export is necessary.</p><p>Test input strings consist of alphanumeric characters and spaces.</p><p>If you're not familiar with the Express concepts needed to complete this kata, feel free to reference the <a href="https://devdocs.io/express/" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">documentation</a> and other resources as you build your solution.</p>