<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5a21f228781b16d0bc00039d/train/javascript target="_blank">What is the growth?</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>Write the function <code>getGrowth()</code>, which accepts an arbitrary number of comma separated integers and returns the difference between each subsequent and previous number in the series, as a string.</p><p>The function must return a string value where each "growth instance" is separated by a comma followed by a space character.</p><h3 id="example-1">Example 1:</h3><pre><code class="language-javascript"><span class="cm-variable">getGrowth</span>(<span class="cm-number">1</span>, <span class="cm-number">2</span>, <span class="cm-number">3</span>)  <span class="cm-comment">// returns the string: "1 (+0, +0%), 2 (+1, +100%), 3 (+1, +50%)"</span></code></pre><p>In the above example the returned string says that:</p><ul><li>The first number: 1, is not higher or lower than the previous number (because it is the first number in the queue), therefore both the difference and the percent difference are zero.</li><li>The second number: 2, is "+1". I.e. the difference between the second and the first number in the series.</li><li>The third number: 3, is also "+1". I.e. the difference between the third and second number in the series.</li></ul><p>The format of the string must be on the following format: <code>current (diff diffPercent)</code>... and so on separated by ", " (a comma and a space).</p><p>Where</p><ul><li><code>current</code> is the current integer.</li><li><code>diff</code> is the difference between the current integer and the previous integer (if it is the first integer the previous integer is assumed to be zero).</li><li>And <code>diffPercent</code> is the rounded percentual difference between the current integer and the previous integer.</li></ul><p>Let's look at another example.</p><h3 id="example-2">Example 2:</h3><pre><code class="language-javascript"><span class="cm-variable">getGrowth</span>(<span class="cm-number">5</span>, <span class="cm-number">10</span>, <span class="cm-number">25</span>)  <span class="cm-comment">// returns the string: "5 (+0, +0%), 10 (+5, +100%), 25 (+15, +150%)"</span></code></pre><ul><li>The first number is 5 and the difference and percent difference are again both zero (since it is the first in the queue)</li><li>The second number is 10 and the difference between 10 and 5 is a positive five (+5). The percentual difference between 10 and 5 is a 100%. I.e. 10 is 100% larger than 5.</li><li>The third number is 25. The difference between the previous number: 10, and the current number: 25, is a positive fifteen (+15). The percentual difference between 25 and 10 is +150%.</li></ul><p>The function shall also be able to handle a declining growth.</p><h3 id="example-3">Example 3:</h3><pre><code class="language-javascript"><span class="cm-variable">getGrowth</span>(<span class="cm-number">100</span>, <span class="cm-number">50</span>, <span class="cm-number">10</span>) <span class="cm-comment">// returns the string: "100 (+0, +0%), 50 (-50, -50%), 10 (-40, -80%)"</span></code></pre><h3 id="restrictions">Restrictions:</h3><ul><li>You can assume that the function will only recieve integers.</li><li>You can assume that the function will not recieve any zeroes or negative numbers.</li></ul><h3 id="tips">Tips:</h3><ul><li>Use Math.round() for the diffPercent value.</li><li>Don't forget to add space character after your comma (i.e the comma that is used a separator in the resulting string)</li><li>Positive numbers and zero must be preceeded by a plus sign. Negative numbers must be preceeded by a minus sign.</li></ul>