<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/57078c56924f34f763000b3f/train/javascript target="_blank">Circular Objects #1 - Running around in circles</a></h2><h3>8 kyu</h3><h2 id="circular-objects-1---running-around-in-circles">Circular Objects #1 - Running around in circles</h2><h3 id="overview">Overview</h3><p>A circular object is any object containing a property that refers to itself.  An example of a circular object can be found <strong>right here at Codewars</strong> - the very programming environment that they provide you with.  Just try it - print the details of the current programming environment to the console (I will not be giving you any hints - you'll have to figure this out yourself) and scroll through the printed text until you find a property named <code>global</code>.  As you would expect, the printed output would say that it is <code>[circular]</code>.  Now let's try printing the <code>global</code> property of the programming envoronment to the console.  What do you see?  If you followed the instructions properly you would see the <strong>exact same thing</strong> being printed out!  Impressed?  You can test this further by then printing the <code>global</code> property of the <code>global</code> property of the current environment to the console and you would still see the exact same thing being printed.  In fact, no matter how many levels you go "inside" the object, you would still see the exact same thing being printed out.</p><p>Which leads us to the task described below ... </p><h3 id="task">Task</h3><p>Define a circular object <code>circular</code> such that the following are true:</p><pre><code class="language-javascript"><span class="cm-variable">circular</span>.<span class="cm-property">value</span> <span class="cm-operator">===</span> <span class="cm-string">"Hello World"</span><span class="cm-variable">circular</span> <span class="cm-operator">===</span> <span class="cm-variable">circular</span>.<span class="cm-property">self</span><span class="cm-variable">circular</span>.<span class="cm-property">self</span> <span class="cm-operator">===</span> <span class="cm-variable">circular</span>.<span class="cm-property">self</span>.<span class="cm-property">self</span></code></pre><p>... and so on.</p><p><strong>NOTE: The code above is pseudocode.  If you actually tested your circular object like this with equality or identity operators, it would not work as object literals do not have an intrinsic value.</strong></p><h3 id="articles-of-interest">Articles of Interest</h3><p>Unfortunately, in this Kata, any article I recommend to you would immediately give away the solution so I have decided to not recommend any articles in this Kata of the series.  I apologise for any inconvenience caused.</p>