<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/58df2d65808fbcdfc800004a/train/python target="_blank">Protein Synthesis: From DNA to Polypeptide</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>Our cells go through a process called protein synthesis to translate the instructions in DNA into an amino acid chain, or polypeptide.</p><p>Your job is to replicate this!</p><hr><p><strong>Step 1: Transcription</strong></p><p>Your input will be a string of DNA that looks like this:</p><p><code>"TACAGCTCGCTATGAATC"</code></p><p>You then must transcribe it to mRNA. Each letter, or base, gets transcribed.</p><pre><code>T -&gt; AA -&gt; UG -&gt; CC -&gt; G</code></pre><p>Also, you will split it into groups of three, or <em>codons</em>.</p><p>The above example would become:</p><p><code>"AUG UCG AGC GAU ACU UAG"</code></p><hr><p><strong>Step 2: Translation</strong></p><p>After you have the mRNA strand, you will turn it into an amino acid chain.</p><p>Each codon corresponds to an amino acid:</p><pre><code>Ala  — GCU, GCC, GCA, GCGLeu  — UUA, UUG, CUU, CUC, CUA, CUGArg  — CGU, CGC, CGA, CGG, AGA, AGGLys  — AAA, AAGAsn  — AAU, AACMet  — AUGAsp  — GAU, GACPhe  — UUU, UUCCys  — UGU, UGCPro  — CCU, CCC, CCA, CCGGln  — CAA, CAGSer  — UCU, UCC, UCA, UCG, AGU, AGCGlu  — GAA, GAGThr  — ACU, ACC, ACA, ACGGly  — GGU, GGC, GGA, GGGTrp  — UGGHis  — CAU, CACTyr  — UAU, UACIle  — AUU, AUC, AUAVal  — GUU, GUC, GUA, GUGStop — UAG, UGA, UAA</code></pre><p>Phew, that's a long list!</p><p>The above example would become:</p><p><code>"Met Ser Ser Asp Thr Stop"</code></p><p>Any additional sets of bases that aren't in a group of three aren't included. For example:</p><p><code>"AUG C"</code></p><p>would become</p><p><code>"Met"</code></p><hr><p>Anyway, your final output will be the mRNA sequence and the polypeptide.</p><p>Here are some examples:</p><p><em>In:</em></p><p><code>"TACAGCTCGCTATGAATC"</code></p><p><em>Out:</em></p><p><code>["AUG UCG AGC GAU ACU UAG","Met Ser Ser Asp Thr Stop"]</code></p><hr><p><em>In:</em></p><p><code>"ACGTG"</code></p><p><em>Out:</em></p><p><code>["UGC AC","Cys"]</code></p>